Document .NET 11 NU1703 warning for deprecated MonoAndroid package assets (#54108)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md

| 10.0.100         | 'Restore' behavior for PackageReference without a version | Emits [NU1015](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1015) error instead of [NU1603](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1603) warning. |
| 10.0.300         | 'Restore' multi-targeting with duplicate target frameworks | Enables [multi-targeting with duplicate target frameworks](/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files#multi-targeting-with-duplicate-frameworks) using `TargetFramework` alias. |
| 10.0.300         | `TargetFramework` character validation | Emits [NU1019](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1019) error for path separator characters (`/` or `\`) in a `TargetFramework` property, and [NU1019](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1019) warning for non-ASCII characters. |

> | 11.0.100         | MonoAndroid framework deprecation warning | Emits [NU1703](../compatibility/sdk/11/nu1703-deprecated-monoandroid-framework.md) warning when a package uses the deprecated `MonoAndroid` framework instead of a modern .NET target framework moniker. |

Reviewer: There's already https://github.com/NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget/pull/3542 - do we need a new doc in dotnet/docs? Most of the other links here point to nuget docs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| 11.0.100         | MonoAndroid framework deprecation warning | Emits [NU1703](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1703) warning when a package uses the deprecated `MonoAndroid` framework instead of a modern .NET target framework moniker. |
```

Reviewer 2: I didn't notice that CCA changed the link. It should link out to the warning reference like it did previously.

The new doc in this repo is a breaking change reference, not a warning reference, so I think it is needed. Do you not normally document breaking changes for new NuGet warnings?

> | 11.0.100         | MonoAndroid framework deprecation warning | Emits [NU1703 warning](../compatibility/sdk/11/nu1703-deprecated-monoandroid-framework.md) when a package uses the deprecated `MonoAndroid` framework instead of a modern .NET Android target framework moniker. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| 11.0.100         | MonoAndroid framework deprecation warning | Emits [NU1703](../compatibility/sdk/11/nu1703-deprecated-monoandroid-framework.md) warning when a package uses the deprecated `MonoAndroid` framework instead of a modern .NET target framework moniker. |
```
